feat(gateway): OAS validation structured errors (#5553)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_kong_plugins/oas-validation/index.md

See the [Event Hooks](/gateway/entities/event-hook/) reference for details on how to configure an Event Hook.

## Error handling

By default, when the OAS Validation plugin reports schema violations, it embeds all errors into a single string inside the `message` field.
This makes it difficult for client applications to parse, display, or log validation failures in a structured way.

The following settings control how validation errors are reported:

<!--vale off-->
{% table %}
columns:
  - title: Parameter
    key: param
  - title: Default
    key: default
  - title: Description
    key: description
rows:
  - param: |

>       `structured_errors` {% new_in 3.15 %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      [`structured_errors`](/plugins/oas-validation/reference/#schema--config-structured-errors) {% new_in 3.15 %}
```

    default: "`false`"
    description: |
      Enable `structured_errors` to receive validation errors as an `errors` array instead of a flat string, following [JSON Schema draft 2020-12 Output Structure](https://json-schema.org/draft/2020-12/json-schema-core#name-output-structure). Each error includes `instanceLocation` (the path in the request or response body where the violation occurred), `keywordLocation` (the path in the schema that triggered the error), and `error`.
      <br><br>
      Requires `verbose_response` to be set to `true`.
      <br><br>
      When disabled, the plugin preserves the original non-structured error format.
  - param: |

>       `max_structured_errors` {% new_in 3.15 %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      [`max_structured_errors`](/plugins/oas-validation/reference/#schema--config-max-structured-errors) {% new_in 3.15 %}
```

    default: "unset (all errors returned)"
    description: |

>       Caps the number of structured validation errors returned in the response. Must be greater than 0. Requires `structured_errors` to be enabled. Any extra errors over the cap are discarded. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Caps the number of structured validation errors returned in the response. Must be greater than 0. `structured_errors` must also be enabled. Any extra errors over the cap are discarded. 
```
"Requires..." just read a little clunky, but I don't have strong feelings about either way.

>   - param: "`collect_all_errors`"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - param: "[`collect_all_errors`](/plugins/oas-validation/reference/#schema--config-collect-all-errors)"
```

    default: "`false`"
    description: |
      Collects all validation errors instead of stopping at the first error.
      Only takes effect when `structured_errors` is disabled.
      <br><br>

>       **Note:** Be careful when enabling this option, as it does affect performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      {:.info}
      > **Note:** Be careful when enabling this option, as it does affect performance.
```
This should work in here. Not a blocker, but how much does this impact performance? I'd like more specifics about what sort of impact this will have.

Author: We don't know how much it'll impact it - it depends on their specs. If there's a lot of long errors, it'll be a bigger hit.

Author: The note syntax kept breaking the table for me, but I figured out how to get it to work now.

>       **Note:** Be careful when enabling this option, as it does affect performance.

Author: ```suggestion
      <br><br>
      
      {:.info}
      > **Note:** Be careful when enabling this option, as it does affect performance.
```

>   - param: "`verbose_response`"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - param: "[`verbose_response`](/plugins/oas-validation/reference/#schema--config-verbose-response)"
```
